Update website documentation to include Espressif IDF and NuttX port references (#14)
mcu-tools/website-mcuboot: _pages/documentation.md

Information and documentation on the bootloader is stored within the source. For more information 
in the source, here are some pointers:

boot/bootutil: The core of the bootloader itself. \
boot/boot_serial: Support for serial upgrade within the bootloader itself. \
boot/zephyr: Port of the bootloader to Zephyr \
boot/mynewt: Mynewt bootloader app \
boot/mbed: Port of the bootloader to Mbed-OS \

> boot/espressif: Port of the bootloader to Espressif IDF \
> boot/nuttx: Port of the bootloader to NuttX \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
boot/nuttx: Bootloader application and port of MCUboot interfaces for NuttX. \
boot/espressif: Bootloader application and MCUboot port for Espressif SoCs. \
```
Here it might be interesting to follow the same order and use the same text from the README.md file of the mcuboot repo.
